After debugging her program, Alyssa shows it to a potential user, who complains that her program solves the wrong problem. He wants a program that can deal with numbers represented as a center value and an additive tolerance; for example, he wants to work with intervals such as 3.5± 0.15 rather than [3.35, 3.65]. Alyssa returns to her desk and fixes this problem by supplying an alternate constructor and alternate selectors:

```scheme
(define (make-center-width c w)
  (make-interval (- c w) (+ c w)))
(define (center i)
  (/ (+ (lower-bound i) (upper-bound i)) 2))
(define (width i)
  (/ (- (upper-bound i) (lower-bound i)) 2))
```

Unfortunately, most of Alyssa's users are engineers. Real engineering situations usually involve measurements with only a small uncertainty, measured as the ratio of the width of the interval to the midpoint of the interval. Engineers usually specify percentage tolerances on the parameters of devices, as in the resistor specifications given earlier.


**Exercise 2.12.**

Define a constructor `make-center-percent` that takes a center and a percentage tolerance and produces the desired interval. You must also define a selector percent that produces the percentage tolerance for a given interval. The center selector is the same as the one shown above.

```scheme
(define (make-interval a b) (cons a b))

(define (upper-bound x)
    (cdr x))

(define (lower-bound x)
    (car x))

(define (make-center-percent c p)
    (make-interval (* c (- 1 p)) (* c (+ 1 p))))

(define (center i)
  (/ (+ (lower-bound i) (upper-bound i)) 2))

(define (width i)
  (/ (- (upper-bound i) (lower-bound i)) 2))

(define (percent i)
    (let ((c (center i)))
        (/ (- (upper-bound i) c) c)))

; Verify

(define a (make-center-percent 10 0.1))
(center a)
(percent a)
```

**Exercise 2.13.**

Show that under the assumption of small percentage tolerances there is a simple formula for the approximate percentage tolerance of the product of two intervals in terms of the tolerances of the factors. You may simplify the problem by assuming that all numbers are positive.

Assuming all numbers are positive:

`[a,b] × [c,d] = [ac, bd]`

If we represent two intervals with pencentage tolerance:

```
    [x(1 - p), x(1 + p)] * [y(1 - q), y(1 + q)]
 -> [xy(1 - p)(1 - q), xy(1 + p)(1 + q)]
```

Then the tolerance can be calculated as:

```
    (xy(1 + p)(1 + q) - xy(1 - p)(1 - q)) / 2
 -> (xy(1 + pq + p + q) - xy(1 + pq - p - q)) / 2
 -> xy(2p + 2q) / 2
 -> xy(p + q)
```

Hence, the tolarance would be simply the sum of the percentage factor.  We can verify as below:

```
(define (mul-interval x y)
  (let ((p1 (* (lower-bound x) (lower-bound y)))
        (p2 (* (lower-bound x) (upper-bound y)))
        (p3 (* (upper-bound x) (lower-bound y)))
        (p4 (* (upper-bound x) (upper-bound y))))
    (make-interval (min p1 p2 p3 p4)
                   (max p1 p2 p3 p4))))

(define a (make-center-percent 10 0.1))
(define b (make-center-percent 20 0.2))
(define c (mul-interval a b))
(percent c) ; -> .29411764705882354
```

After considerable work, Alyssa P. Hacker delivers her finished system. Several years later, after she has forgotten all about it, she gets a frenzied call from an irate user, Lem E. Tweakit. It seems that Lem has noticed that the formula for parallel resistors can be written in two algebraically equivalent ways:

`R₁R₂ / (R₁ + R₂)`

and

`1 / (1/R₁ + 1/R₂)`

He has written the following two programs, each of which computes the parallel-resistors formula differently:

```scheme
(define (par1 r1 r2)
  (div-interval (mul-interval r1 r2)
                (add-interval r1 r2)))

(define (par2 r1 r2)
  (let ((one (make-interval 1 1))) 
    (div-interval one
                  (add-interval (div-interval one r1)
                                (div-interval one r2)))))
```

Lem complains that Alyssa's program gives different answers for the two ways of computing. This is a serious complaint.

**Exercise 2.14**

Demonstrate that Lem is right. Investigate the behavior of the system on a variety of arithmetic expressions. Make some intervals A and B, and use them in computing the expressions A/A and A/B. You will get the most insight by using intervals whose width is a small percentage of the center value. Examine the results of the computation in center-percent form (see exercise 2.12).

```scheme
(define (add-interval x y)
  (make-interval (+ (lower-bound x) (lower-bound y))
                 (+ (upper-bound x) (upper-bound y))))

(define (div-interval x y)
  (mul-interval x 
                (make-interval (/ 1.0 (upper-bound y))
                               (/ 1.0 (lower-bound y)))))

(define a (make-center-percent 10 0.1))
(define b (make-center-percent 20 0.2))

(par1 a b) ; -> (4.114285714285714 . 10.56)

(par2 a b) ; -> (5.76 . 7.542857142857144)

(div-interval a a) ; -> (.8181818181818182 . 1.222222222222222)

(div-interval b a) ; -> (1.4545454545454546 . 2.6666666666666665)
```

**Exercise 2.15.**

Eva Lu Ator, another user, has also noticed the different intervals computed by different but algebraically equivalent expressions. She says that a formula to compute with intervals using Alyssa's system will produce tighter error bounds if it can be written in such a form that no variable that represents an uncertain number is repeated. Thus, she says, par2 is a “better” program for parallel resistances than par1. Is she right? Why?


**Answer**
Yes


**Exercise 2.16.**

Explain, in general, why equivalent algebraic expressions may lead to different answers. Can you devise an interval-arithmetic package that does not have this shortcoming, or is this task impossible? (Warning: This problem is very difficult.)

**Answer**
[Wiki]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interval_arithmetic#Dependency_problem
We cannot.  Check [Wiki][]
